The 9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China Show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> We are counting down to the open of
markets in greater China. Let's get your
top stories today. Stocks across the
region on the down right now after this
rally globally stumbling. Oil, as you
can see on your screens, rebounding
after Iran says the terms of the
ceasefire with the US were breached.
>> US Vice President J.D. Vance is set to
lead direct talks with Iran in Pakistan
this weekend, while President Trump
lashes out against NATO.
>> Now, China trumpets its own efforts in
pushing for the ceasefire. We'll be
hearing from the Beijing Club for
International Dialogue on the role the
country has played.
>> Plus, with the Strait of Hormuz still
largely closed, we'll be speaking with
Japanese shipping and logistics company
Mitsui O.S.K.'s new CEO on how the
company is being impacted by the
conflict.
Well, after the initial optimism, I
think we're starting to see that
momentum fading a bit there. There are
some doubts and questions about the
ceasefire and really the durability of
this rally in some ways because for one
thing, we've seen a lot of developments
when it comes to Lebanon in the last 24
hours, and I think Iran has also talked
about the violations, as you mentioned,
that the US allegedly has broken so far.
So, I think right now we could say it's
a fragile truce.
>> Or what truce? Or what truce, right?
Ahead of the
the Saturday, of course, negotiations
still to take place, right? And I think
we understand that J.D. Vance, of
course, is headed there to discuss that
as well. But yes, it's a good point
because markets needed to cover some
positions, go long and some were lighter
on either side.
But it was shortly, a few hours after
the initial flurry of news on the
ceasefire, where I think the initial one
that stood out this time yesterday was
Lebanon was actually part of it your
point. Uh and then Benjamin Netanyahu
came out and said, "Hey, just a minute.
Lebanon should not actually be part of
any conversation. We weren't just we
weren't
Uh we we we weren't covering that
specific item." And then that's when
things start to unravel.
Uh and then you had this full flurry of
news going into today where I think
markets are now trying to figure out and
trying to split the difference between
uh pre-announcement and where reality
>> reality stands.
>> you're seeing it first in the Treasury
market. Where where bond investors are
quick to kind of see that there are
two-sided risks involved when it comes
to this, right? When when you're talking
about some sort of ceasefire, does that
limit the the amount of rate cuts that
we'll see uh in this market as well? So
certainly there's a lot of questions
about that uh right now. And we're
seeing a little bit of whipsaw not just
in bonds, a little bit in the FX
markets, a little bit in stocks here
this morning. Um but then again, it does
show when you're talking about one of
the largest assaults in Lebanon uh from
Israel targeting more than a hundred
Hezbollah uh command sites within 10
minutes, I think that does lead to a bit
more nerves here among investors really
kind of looking forward on really what
to come next as we count down to these
talks on Friday.
>> And it's also on the other side, right?
I'd also point out that there is very
little indication that the flow of
vessel traffic through the Strait of
Hormuz is is free-flowing.
>> And that was the first thing that Iran
said, right? After saying that they
would allow some passageway of of some
vessels, once we heard news on Lebanon,
I think they started saying, "Look,
we're going to close it once again." and
threaten that.
>> And and I think when you look at markets
today, you're right. So the Fed minutes
were from 3 weeks ago, and I think
they've stated already in the minutes
what we were waiting for anyway, that if
this was prolonged, then the risk of a
hike is a lot more real. And what the
markets did with that was they reversed
the strength that you pointed out
earlier on in terms of the Treasury
markets, right? In fact, when you look
at 10-year futures are now effectively
back to levels before the Truth Social
post of Donald Trump. The dollar is
actually now back effectively to levels
at the start of the year. Uh and when
you look at Chinese markets separately,
there's also this tech conversation. I
think we can get to that later on.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh when you look at markets in the Asia
Pacific, and perhaps another theme that
is starting to emerge is really uh we've
ignored AI perhaps a little bit too
much, and because that is continuing to
brew uh across these markets going into
of course the Thursday session here.
>> Yeah. Yeah, let's get to our top story
here right now, where US Vice President
J.D. Vance is set to lead talks with
Iran and Pakistan on Saturday morning
local time. And it comes as Tehran says
a ceasefire has been violated, and after
Israel continued its attacks, as we
mentioned, on Hezbollah militia in
Lebanon.
>> If Iran wants to let this negotiation
fall apart in a conflict where they were
getting hammered over Lebanon, which has
nothing to do with them, and which the
United States never once said was part
of the ceasefire, that's ultimately
their choice.
>> Let's get to our politics editor, Laura
Davison. She's with us here right now.
So, uh some doubts are creeping in about
this ceasefire right now.
>> Doubts are creeping in, and it seems
like there may be two different
ceasefires that Iran agreed to and the
US agreed to. And once the uh the rubber
hit the road here, they were like,
"Whoa, wait, that's not what we talked
about." On both sides, uh you know, we
have uh you know, Iran saying that,
"Hold on, Lebanon you know, Hezbollah
was was was covered." And and Israel
saying, "No, no, that's that's a whole
separate issue." Trump put a brush that
off saying they'd be taken care of, but
again, didn't really seem to have any
action plan for how to address that.
Separately, on the Strait of Hormuz, we
heard different things yesterday from
Iran, and we're seeing that play out,
where they're saying, "We'll allow ships
with safe passage." The US wanted free
travel. Those are two very different
things of you know, Iran military
allowing a handful of their hand-chosen
ships to go through versus, you know,
135 ships a day like we saw, uh you
know, before the war started. So,
there's a there's a lot um going into
these talks in Islamabad on Saturday
means that uh that they're probably
going to be talking about these top-line
issues, not getting down to some of the
those uh you know, the third second and
third-order things like the nuclear
program, like what a more lasting peace
would look like, uh, which really risks
just delaying this entire process going
forward.
>> Give us a preview of the talks, though,
coming through on Saturday.
>> Yeah, so this is going to be, um, you
know, J.D. Vance will be leading on on
the U.S. side. These will be in
Islamabad. Pakistan has been a pretty
effective mediator so far, and, um, that
they have the trust of both sides and
have been able to to navigate this. Um,
you know, we'll see if that holds up
once you get everybody, um, in a room.
Uh, this will be interesting for, uh,
for Vance in particular. One because he
was not a big fan of this war going into
it, and that's part of why he was chosen
because, um, he's seen, um, as someone
with with credibility on all sides, um,
of this, and not, uh, you know, a a
very, uh, you know, a war hawk like some
other, um, folks, um, uh, in in the
Trump, um, universe might be.
Um, plus he, uh, but he has there's a
lot of political risk for him, too. He
is, you know, wants to run for
president, and now he owns this issue,
um, and that he will, uh, you know, sort
of, uh, so how he navigates this both
from, you know, the immediate, you know,
geopolitical standpoint as well as what
this means for his own personal, uh, uh,
political future, you know, will be
weighing on these talks. Steve Kushner,
uh, sorry, Jared Kushner, the
president's son-in-law, uh, Steve
Witkoff will also be in the room. They
have sort of really been the top
negotiators, so it's interesting that
we're seeing a little bit of a pivot
here, uh, you know, from, uh, who Trump
has tapped to negotiate on Gaza, on on
Ukraine. Uh, now Vance is is going to be
leading on Iran.
>> It seems like China is maybe
starting a little bit more of a mediator
sort of role in this as well. There
there have been some reports out there
saying that it was almost like a
last-minute intervention that the
Chinese had uh, in trying to get these
talks and really trying to get some sort
of ceasefire.
What how significant is that? This is
>> This is quite significant, and really,
um, kind of all sides seem to be
acknowledging the power that China has,
um, in these uh, in negotiations. You
know, she hasn't commented publicly
that, you know, that China had, you
know, sort of at the start of this war
really kept at arm's length from this,
uh, but, you know, it has been, uh,
playing a very strong role behind the
scenes. You know, we saw Trump
acknowledge yesterday that he believes
that it It that nudge from China that
got Iran to sign on to the ceasefire.
You know, the Iranian ambassador um, in
China commented yesterday, you know,
that he sees China as being a, you know,
a guarantor of peace in this conflict.
You know, and China also acknowledged
that they've been like doing their own
efforts here. So, this is China could
sort of be a secret whisperer to talk to
all sides.
>> Laura, thank you. Laura Davison there
are Bloomberg Politics editor. Let's
have a look at the markets component of
all this. Mark Cranfield is with us out
of Singapore on M Live strategist. Mark,
markets are not completely reversing
obviously yesterday's move, but we're
somewhat seeing taking, you know,
markets taking a step back and thinking,
really, where are we when it comes to
this?
>> Yeah, I mean, it's hardly surprising
when the the moves yesterday were
euphoric. They're enormous across asset
classes and it's bound to have a bit of
pulling back from from that. Looks like
volumes are relatively low so far today
and and people are just in a bit of a a
wait-and-see mood, which is hardly
surprising when you hear what Laura has
to say. These negotiations are not going
to be
easy for people to understand. There's a
lot of moving parts in here and as you
could even be two potential ceasefires
going on here as well. So, there's a lot
for traders to digest as they look
forward to to the talks there.
The bottom line though, really, is that
what what traders are pricing here is
has
does President Trump want to move on
from the conflict in Iran? And for now,
they're assuming he does.
So, whatever happens over the next few
days, whatever the talks go, they're
taking the stance that he is working
towards an exit from the situation that
we've seen over the past few weeks. That
is positive for markets. It doesn't take
us back exactly to where we were in
March before the whole thing started,
but it is a long step towards it. That's
why the rebounds in the markets were so
huge yesterday and why we're so far
we're only seeing very small pullbacks
from that. There's a much higher bar
now. Investors are assuming it's very
much a glass is now half full rather
than half empty. They can see daylight
down the tunnel here. They can see
things starting to improve. But even
like today we're discussing the AI story
once again in equity markets. That's a
big shift back to where we were pre-war.
People are starting to look again at
earnings. They're starting to think
about where companies are going to be
making money in the tech world, looking
at what central bank stars is going to
be economic data. These things are
starting to come back into the
conversation. It's not completely
normal, but we're moving back towards
the kind of world we had pre-Iran war.
Of course, oil prices are considerably
higher than they were back then and
they're going to stay high for some time
is the likely scenario.
But the bar is very high. Traders are
much more optimistic than they were just
a week ago.
>> Right. And and as you mentioned, the
whole AI theme seems to be emerging
again.
Um you know, Meta joining in on this
whole AI model fray. You have Anthropic
with news on Cloud. Uh it it seems like
the software side of stuff has things
has being whacked again. But in terms of
Asia though, we saw a lot of foreign
buying into Korea. A lot of foreign
buying into Taiwan. You know, is that
part of the trade still intact, you
think?
>> Yeah, if you think of think of where we
were in the early stages of the year.
Samsung, Taiwan Semiconductor, Hynix.
These were the big stocks driving the
whole Asian story.
It To to a large extent, not a huge
amount has changed in terms of those
companies. Just last week, Samsung
posted fantastic profits again for the
period. So,
really the underlying story is still
very healthy for the major companies
making the big bucks in Asia. Just the
war interrupted the process in terms of
the risk reward situation. So, people
and the signs are that foreigners were
very heavy sellers of big big names like
Samsung. There's a lot of rebuilding to
be done here. No wonder the volumes are
quite chunky yesterday across the board.
People need to get back in. If you look
at the
the MSCI world gauge, it dipped nicely
below its 200-day moving average and
it's already starting to go back into
positive territory above that. That's
normally a pretty good indicator that
dip buying was quite serious when it
mattered. And it will now it will take a
lot for people to pull back from that.
Look at the Japanese outflows. Japanese
timed it perfectly. At the beginning of
the quarter, the outflows were the
biggest or the the Japanese purchases of
foreign stocks were the biggest for 11
months. They got in at just the right
time and now they're being rewarded
already.
>> Mark, it's great to have you. Mark
Cranfield there, RMIT strategist joining
us out of Singapore here. Yeah, maybe we
move past the the Iran situation given
how uncertain it is and maybe there are
some still some key themes there for
investors to kind of sink their teeth
into. Uh coming up, we're going to talk
with Stillwell on when it comes to the
situation in Iran and really China's
role in all this, right? China touting
its own efforts in pushing for a US-Iran
ceasefire. We'll be digging into that
with the Beijing Club for International
Dialogue next. And we're kind of at the
open of trade in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
Hong Kong. This is The China Show.
Welcome back. You're watching The China
Show. China has touted its its its
efforts, trumpeted its efforts really if
you think about it, uh to secure the
ceasefire between both sides. You have
US and Iran, of course, coming together
and hopefully will have be having a
constructive conversation over the
weekend uh in Islamabad on Saturday. And
uh shortly after, of course, President
Trump then gave Beijing credit for
playing a pivotal role in this. But the
Foreign Ministry, China's Foreign
Ministry, did not directly address
reports that it actually helped convince
Tehran.
>> China has consistently advocated for an
end to the war and the resolution of
disputes through political and
diplomatic means to ultimately achieve
lasting peace and stability in the
Middle East and the Gulf region. China
has also made its own efforts in this
regard.
>> Joining us now from Beijing is Wang Jin,
senior fellow at the Beijing Club for
International Dialogue, a think tank
that advises the Chinese government on
politics. Wang Jin, it's great to have
you. I think we're trying to understand
a little bit more about China's
involvement in in this conflict here
right now. There have been some reports
of possibly some sort of intervention in
the last minute here to get Iran to
agree to this ceasefire.
You know, can you tell us a little more
about what you know on China's role in
all this?
>> Uh hi Ivana. I I I I don't think I want
to use the term of the intervention
because actually from the Chinese
perspective, uh China hopes to bring the
different conflicting parties
uh closer and also together with the
efforts from the original countries. Of
course, with the other including other
international uh community uh members.
Uh I think the China's efforts could be
uh included to into two dimensions.
First of all, China
closely very communicated very closely
with different uh members and different
uh states in this region. For example,
China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi
has already made uh
countless calls. I cannot remember
exactly the number, but countless calls
during the past 1 month with the
regional countries, Qatar, Saudi, even
Iran. And also other very major powers
including uh maybe Russia and maybe
Pakistan to try to enhance the very
consensus over the ongoing war. That's
the That means the war should be
suspended and the peace should come
back. And also on the other hand, China
and
uh some other regional countries,
particularly the Pakistan, uh put
forward the so-called five-point uh
initiative not long ago according call
for the end of the war. So, that's why I
think China has already tried our best
to bring the two different conflicting
parties together and we are very happy
that the war is now coming to the very
opportunity of peace and it's very
crucial for everybody to make the
decision. So, but no matter how I think
it's very optimistic moment right now.
>> Yeah, optimistic in terms of the amount
of campaigning that China is doing.
What's different this time? I bring it
back to Ukraine. When there were calls
in the international community at the
time for China to really try to step in
a bit more diplomatically, but but China
never did. What's different this time
you think?
>> No, no, no. China actually did a lot of
things. I mean, what
I don't I don't quite understand that
why there were so so many criticism that
okay, China should do this, China should
do that. On one hand, China is strong,
but not that enough to influence to be
able to influence everybody, every
country's leaders' decision over the
very specific and particular issue. That
is impossible because China is only a
normal country in the international
community. China cannot determine the
other countries' decision and cannot
determine the other countries'
behaviors. Including Iran and United
States, they are independent countries
based upon their own independent
decision-making circle. So, that's why
China can only try to persuade and try
to give opinion to their leaders at at
home and cannot determine what they
could do. And also on the other hand, I
think China has already tried to
try to do a lot of things from the
United Nations Security Council level,
from the from the multilateral and
bilateral level, try to give a lot of
the positive atmosphere for the under
which that the kind of the peace
opportunities could be enhanced and
cultivated. So, that's why I think has
China has already done a lot. And we can
And also, last but not least, the China
is not the only country who contributes
to the for the peace process. A lot of
other countries, as we have discussed,
for example, Turkey, for example, Egypt,
for example, particularly the Pakistan,
all has already done a lot of things for
the bringing the different conflicting
parties together. So, that's why I think
we could say that this is a very
important result, positive result of the
ceasefire reached not only by China, but
also on based upon the very bilateral
efforts from the international
community. That is very, very important.
You are
>> So, what Wang Jin, this is David. So,
what then
would China's next move be?
>> I think China will try to first of all,
David, I think
you you made put forward a very crucial
question and what could be the future.
I think China hopes that the
United States and Iran that their
negotiation could be successful,
although we we know it's very difficult
because if you will compare what United
States before they put forward the
so-called 15-point plan with the Iran
put forward the so-called 10-point plan.
Actually, everything is opposite.
Everything is conflicting. So,
let let's be personally, let's be frank.
I think there will be it would be the
very, very long and tough negotiation
between the two conflicting parties when
the crisis and uncertainties of going
back to war still remain and remain very
high. And also, we cannot forget that
some countries in the region and some
actors in this region, for example, the
Yemen Houthi, the Israel, the Hezbollah
from Lebanon, these still have the
motivations to restart the war. So, it's
there were still a lot of uncertainties
out of the control from United States,
out of the control from Iran. So, I
think China hopes that the peace would
peace negotiation will continue, the
peace opportunities would remain. And
also, on the other hand, I think China
would try together with other regional
countries to try to
maintain this kind of the bridge for
communication between the different
parties because right now the most
biggest difficulty for United States and
Iran is that there is no reliable
communication channel between the two
countries. Because traditionally the
Gulf Arab states they are the channel,
but now they stand to the very large
extent to the opposite side of Iran. So
that's why I think China will continue
to contribute. Yeah, yeah, even please.
>> Wang Jian, you had a good point about,
you know, there's only so much China can
do, right? You know,
Beijing has influence on on certain
countries in in different degrees and
different levels. I'm just wondering in
terms of the Iran situation, why do you
think Iran would listen to China? What
what leverage do you think Beijing has
on Tehran?
>> I also hope that of course Iran will
listen to Chinese words like I mean but
but I don't think Iran will do that.
First of all it's a it's a it's a very
very beautiful misunderstanding that
Iran will follow other people's advices
and other countries advices. If Iran
really did follow the advices or
so-called the order of the other
country, there would be no 1960 1979
Iran Islamic Revolution because at that
time Iran does not want to follow the
order from United States. They overthrew
the the elder the older king regime and
established a new Islamic regime. So
that's why Iran's Islamic Republic is
independent country without the
necessities of following other countries
orders and other countries direction. So
that's why China just the hopes to give
advices and to give advices not only to
Iran but also to the Gulf Arab states.
So just a days ago China in the United
Nations Security Council they vetoed
the the proposal from the Gulf Arab
states to for example to to to try to
militarize the this kind of the Gulf
Arab region's situation. We call it a
very dangerous because we don't want the
the the region going deeper into the war
circle. So that's why China hopes to
give advices because you know when a
country is like people, they were in the
war they become irrational. And they so
that's why the rational advices from the
partners are necessary and important.
So, that's why I think China's
contribution should not be concluded as
kind of the other, but it's just a kind
of the good advices and good kind of the
rational advices suggestions to Iran
that we hope Iran could listen. And we
are happy that Iran all together with
the other regional countries listen. No,
no, actually to some extent follow the
advices from China and other regional
countries. So, this is very good news.
>> I mean, it is a time for cooler heads to
prevail.
Uh and and certainly stability is is is
very important. Uh
Wang Zhen, we'd love to continue the
conversation, of course. If you could
stay put, maybe we'll we'll see what we
can do. Uh senior fellow there at the
Beijing Club for International Dialogue,
we're barely scratching
the surface there. We're down half of 1%
going into the session today. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right. Welcome back. As we go into the
open today, given the lack of further
positive and clear-cut catalysts that
indicate we are in fact headed for a
clean-cut ceasefire, markets are
somewhat taking some of the gains from
yesterday. So, we are set to open
slightly to the downside right now. So,
I think it gives us really more mind
space to talk about more things.
>> Yeah, like tech. Alibaba is certainly
going to be front and center here after
we saw the ADRs drop. That price target
was slashed by Jefferies by as much as
13%. They're factoring in higher
spending on coin promotions in China's
AI race here as well. It's the stock
down some 2.7%. We got the open coming
up next. This is Bloomberg.
Uh we saw north of 2 trillion uh
turnover on the onshore markets
yesterday.
Uh massive amount of net selling across
the stock connects. So, net sellers as
far as mainland investors were
concerned. Uh and as far as Hong Kong
markets were concerned. Uh and uh I
should also point out on price, the CSI
300 is coming off the single best day in
a nearly 6 months. So, uh we really
punched substantially higher yesterday
on to
>> Yeah, as you're It was your four,
correct? I missed it, but certainly the
show I mean, the how much you know,
people were pricing in that this war was
going to be prolonged. It looks like
right now we retreated some of those
moves, but not quite. Treasury markets
were quick. I mean, we've kind of
reversed nearly all of the gains of
yesterday.
But equity still seem to be relatively
speaking looking okay. You take a look
at how oil markets are doing. I think
most of which you know, the rent
contracts and WTI is still below that
100 level mark. So, yeah, it it's not
all in when it comes to sort of the the
the the risk get on as some as city has
said, but then again, uh you are seeing
a little bit of that optimism that's
being tempered here this morning given
some of the the doubts that we've seen
in the last 24 hours about what's going
on the Strait of Hormuz, also uh what's
going on in Lebanon and Iran really
targeting uh all those sites of
Hezbollah. So, certainly that is one
thing that's still kind of overshadowing
some of the the the movement there, but
we got to talk about you know, the tech
angle to all this as well. There might
be still some key themes to watch out
for. Onshore markets are looking like
this here. We're still seeing a bit of
downside here as we're coming off some
of the initial highs from yesterday now.
We're down about 9/10 of 1% uh for
Shanghai. You take a look at when it
comes to Shanghai crude as well. We're
still slightly seeing uh you know, that
that risk premium being reduced, right?
We're seeing 3% lower when it comes to
Shanghai fruit crude futures there as
well. Um large caps are mostly to the
downside here today. It's really led by
the likes of CATL. Uh also Capricorn
tech that's certainly one thing to watch
is really kind of the chip space given
what we're seeing in Korea, given what
we're seeing in in Taiwan. Very heavy
foreign buying yesterday uh into that
sort of AI uh supply chain sort of
theme. You take a look at how Hong Kong
is obviously the whole software side of
things is one thing to contend with
today given what we heard from Meta
coming out with their latest AI model.
You got Anthropic launching cloud
managed agents as well. We're watching
very closely Alibaba as well. Part of
slashing in terms of price target to
around 185 from Jefferies there. They're
citing when it comes to that big bigger
AI spend and and really when it comes to
other segments of the business here that
could be still at a loss. So certainly
that's one thing to watch here cuz they
said, you know, given what we've seen
the subsidies, you know, the other
things segment could be the one to watch
in terms of the headwinds there. The
stock is down. There you go, 3%
following what we saw in the ADRs
overnight. H is tech is on offer here
today. We're we're down about 1 and 1/2%
or so. It's really going to let the
likes of Baba,
Meituan, Xiaomi are all seeing some
pretty pronounced moves to the downside
here today. And even when it comes to
just overall
Hang Seng is down by 7/10 of a 1%. So
there you go. A little bit of strength
in the currency here, but certainly we
are just kind of coming off some of the
initial
lows of the dollar. So we're coming off
that little bit. Software is key and
focus here as I talked about the Meta
story, the Anthropic story. Here you go.
You are seeing the likes of Kingsoft and
the like down some 3% here this morning.
>> Yeah, let's pivot it back to the the the
the big issue of course at hand. It's
to what extent is this a ceasefire? I
mean, when you look at how markets are
trading, if one just went through the
Chinese open there, I think S&P futures
are now down 3/10 of 1%. Oil is back
on the way up. There was a conversation.
The world did come together somewhat to
bring the two sides to the table.
China's role was really part and parcel
to even you heard that from the US
president this time yesterday.
So how do we need to be thinking about
this moving forward? Let's bring back
Wang Jin, senior fellow at the Beijing
Club for International Dialogue.
Wang Jin, Thank thanks for being patient
and sticking around. The first
the the Donald Trump's trip to to China
was postponed because of what's
happening now and I think we're still
scheduled for that trip to Beijing in
mid-May. Can I just ask maybe a direct
question?
Does
can that summit between Chinese
President Xi Jinping and US President
Donald Trump still take place if the war
continues or
is a cessation of of hostilities almost
a precondition for that summit to take
place?
>> Well, of course I I hope that every kind
of the summits between China and United
States could preview successfully and uh
we also we know there is still some kind
of the interventions from the uh Iranian
issue and we hope that Iranian issue
would come to the end uh with the peace
and stability come back to this region
which is also welcomed by everybody. I
think including by United States and
Iran himself. But we have to know there
is still uncertainty. So your question
is very uh crucial. Uh will this
influence the China and the United
States summit? I think also many people
will say, "Okay, it's a kind of the
crisis. It's a kind of uncertainty for
the two uh countries over the
international
uh issue because China does not want the
war to continue and United China believe
that United States
uh war in to uh Iran to some extent
actually is uh based upon this
unilateralism uh decision. But the
problem is that I think China and the
United States shared very very common
understandings over the future of the
war. That thing is the war should be
ended. So it means we actually have the
kind of opportunity to share the the the
prospect of the future over the Iranian
issue over the regional issue. That is
the region should come back to the
stability. That's the war should be
suspended. Although there were some
difficulties and divisions in the
region. That means that the different
sides should be uh finished and should
overcome this kind of the divisions
through the political and the dialogue
uh ways. So that's why I think China and
the United States we have still have a
lot of understandings,
common understandings, although we have
misunderstandings or maybe the different
views before, but I think it's an
opportunity to further enhance the
consensus between the two countries.
This is a very important thing. I think
we can create something much more
positive by the two leaders together.
David.
>> Uh Wang Jian, I want to
bring up something that one of our
columnists had mentioned, Chris 20,
about really the role that China's
playing in the international world order
now. That it's almost like an effective
opposition sort of voice
to what we're hearing from the US,
right? For many governments, the issue
is not really managing China, it's
navigating the uncertainty generated by
Washington. In terms of what regional
countries are looking at the situation
here right now, China seems like that
sort of stabilizing
sort of voice.
How do you think the rest of the world
should be Does it change the calculus on
how nations look at China now in some
ways? Does it become, you know, are they
forced to kind of choose sides in a way
that maybe does
uh put China back in favor?
>> Uh well, I I first I feel very happy
because when somebody saying that right
now that as you mentioned, say that
United States and other countries are
the troublemakers and China become now
the
trouble enders. So that's why I think
it's a maybe the very positive praise
for China. But but we actually I think
from my point of view that we actually
living in the world where everything is
overlapped, where every kind of the
relations is interacting with each
other. So we cannot say that some
countries are making troubles where
other some other countries are trying to
manage this trouble. This is unfair
because China cannot We cannot say that
China should manage every crisis, every
troubles made up by made up by other
countries. It's We call it unfair. And
also on the other hand, we cannot forget
that we are living in the country which
is where is everything's interactive
with each with each other. So, China
alone cannot manage every troubles and
because when some other countries are
still making troubles, we cannot say
that China can do it alone. And we
should work closely together with other
countries, particularly as we see what
has happened between United States and
Iran. Of course, China do something and
try to bring the different conflicting
parties closer, try to manage to melt
down the division between the two
different conflicting parties, try to
alleviate the tension in this region.
But we cannot forget that also United
States decision is very crucial. That is
they want the peace dialogues with Iran.
And the Iran's opinion is also very
crucial. They want try the dialogues
with United States. And also Pakistan is
also important because they started a
communication channel. This is very very
necessary highly necessary right now.
So, that's why I think China's role is
important, but I think China's role
alone cannot work. So, that's why we
need everybody's efforts right now,
Yvonne.
>> The
the so far I think
China has certainly put
uh
diplomatic pressure as with others for
the both sides to come
to come together.
This is a two-part question and forgive
me I I might spend a little bit of time
just fleshing out the concept. So, what
when I look at countries
it in the Asia Pacific that are US
allies. Japan, Korea, Philippines come
to mind. You know, that alliance
is also tethered to a security guarantee
from the United States. And I wonder as
we pivot further into the future and as
people look at look to China,
can can can folks look to China to
provide This is a two-part part of it.
somewhat of security guarantees that the
US somewhat provides their allies
currently. And if China needs to do more
specifically
in maintaining peace in the Middle East,
do you think China has a role to play in
guaranteeing security,
say in the Strait of Hormuz or in the or
or in the Arab Peninsula?
>> I think it's actually what is happening
in Hormuz has suggested very clearly
that only military way, only military
guarantee cannot guarantee anything.
Because as we can see that when Iran
started to close Hormuz, even United
States has the most
powerful military forces in this world,
even they have the the aircraft carrier
groups near the Hormuz Strait, they
could do nothing.
The the Hormuz Strait is under closure.
Iran used only very simple weapons. I
mean, the drones and the short
short-range missiles, they could close
the Hormuz Strait and United States just
could watch and do anything do nothing
else. So, that's why I think as you
mentioned very it is very good that in
the East Asian Asian Pacific areas,
there are a lot of countries who are
allies of United States. I think it is
because of results of history
because in the history of this
particular in the Cold War, these
countries they choose to stand with
United States. It's a continuation of
the Cold War. So, from the China's
perspective, and China's thinking method
that we should to some extent reform
this kind of the thinking method. It
means that only military guarantee
cannot make everybody safe. It only make
everybody rivalry, make everybody
standing against each other and
preparing for the future war. So, when
the war started or even under the
preparation of the war, nobody is safe
and everybody will affected negatively.
So, that's why the new thinking method
and security method should be
established. That is the end of the war
and try to solve the problems through
the diplomatic way and through the
political dialogue. Everybody should
contribute over the the the the the kind
of the prosperous co-shared future.
>> All right, we've got to leave it there,
but thank you so much for your time and
perspective, of course. Senior Fellow at
Beijing Club for International Dialogue.
Coming up, we'll be digging into the
fallout of the Iran war as well. One of
Japan's largest shipping companies,
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines, its CEO joining us
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> Well, we've already seen an increase in
traffic today. Hopefully, we'll see an
increase in traffic tomorrow. We
actually think that we are seeing signs
that the straits is starting to reopen.
I think you guys have probably seen oil
prices have come down. So, I think the
oil markets, the gas markets are seeing
the same thing.
>> The US Vice President there, J.D. Vance,
following the ceasefire agreement
between Tehran and Washington. Let's
bring in Shery Ahn, our Asia trade
co-anchor with us in Tokyo with perhaps
a perfect guest to talk us through some
of the logistical bottlenecks in that
part of the world. Shery.
>> Yeah, what a perfect time, as you said,
uh, David, because I'm now joined by the
head of one of Japan's largest shipping
and logistics company, Jotaro Tamura,
uh, CEO of Mitsui O.S.K. He just took
the helm on April 1st. So, I want to say
congratulations on your new new post,
but at the same time, I know that you're
facing unprecedented times.
Um, how's the business going right now
with the impact from the Iran war?
>> Yeah, good morning, Shery. Yeah. Um,
it's a very difficult times for
everyone, not just for us.
Um, the situation literally changes
every day. Yeah. So, the, um, temporary
ceasefire, um, said to be yesterday is a
basically a good news for us, but it's
temporary and for 2 weeks. So, what
we're doing is to verify the, um,
conditions that whether the ships can go
through the straits. Yeah. So,
hopefully, the vessels in the,
um, the Gulf can move now. But then, um,
after 2 weeks, then we have to see, um,
what are the situations there. So, uh,
we are still in a, um, very much, um,
in between.
>> What are you hearing right now because I
think a lot of the challenge has been
understanding this ceasefire, especially
given that Iran says that they still
need to get permission from them in
order to pass the Strait of Hormuz.
>> It's just that within 24 hours. So, we
are really in the process to verify the
situations. So, it's a bit too early to
tell, but I expect in coming
um
days then we we see what it means to us
and then the I expect the
um shipping lines can take actions.
>> What do you need to see in that
ceasefire in order to feel comfortable
to let your vessels pass by?
>> It's the high-level agreement we we can
see from the all the reports. So,
what how it is implemented in in in the
the water, that's
something that we really need to
understand. Yeah.
>> We already heard though that you had a
few vessels passing through the Strait
already, especially this week.
>> Mhm.
>> Is that correct?
>> The um couple of vessels have
had a chance to go through, but that's a
individual situation and
we can't really make any comments
because we are setting the priority on
the security of the
each individual vessels. So,
in order to avoid any impacts to them.
So, that's
how we describe the situation at the
moment.
>> Because you also had a cargo container
ship also hit
last month, right?
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> So, are you getting the approval from
the Iranian side of things?
>> The
the vessel the container ship in
question is is still in the Gulf and we
are waiting to resolve the situation.
Yeah.
>> With the Iranian authorities.
>> Well, we are obviously uh main
counterpart for us is the Japanese
government. Yeah. So, um yeah, then uh
we are working with them very closely to
uh find out the situation.
>> Do you have to pay a fee in order to
transit right now?
>> Uh
it's um we we are not really involved in
the government-government uh um the
relationships. Yeah.
>> Is that a concern though that we're
hearing that perhaps Iran wants to make
this systematic toll in order to be able
to transit the Strait of Hormuz?
>> Uh we we see all these informations um
um
back and forth, but uh uh it is not
really for us to make any comments on
this. So, uh yeah, we we are waiting for
the um situations really at at the
moment.
>> We heard that the Prime Minister
Takaichi has actually spoken to the
Iranian president. What else do you need
to see from the Japanese government?
>> As we are actually waiting for the um
feedback from uh um government side. So,
uh um it's I I I I believe it's uh under
development at at at at the moment.
Yeah.
>> How many vessels do you have around the
area?
>> Uh we are not disclosing the the number
of vessels um because of the security on
as a top priority, but uh we we
understand that government uh
understand uh we we understand that
government recognizes that 42 vessels uh
in in in the Gulf uh as the uh
Japan-related vessels. And we are um
some of them are uh
is actually ours. Yeah.
>> Um given that we don't know how this
ceasefire will unfold, how do you
mitigate the situation? Are you finding
alternative routes, and what does that
mean for your bottom line in terms of
costs?
>> Well, the um the vessels uh at the
moment, uh let's say the vessels within
the Gulf at the moment, it's a um top
priority. So, um hopefully the um
developing situation allows us to um
um
move them uh
after um this five six weeks of waiting
time. Yeah, but then the we really have
to see the
situation
how how that develops after this two
weeks. Then yeah, that's a very
big thing for us as a next step.
Otherwise, the situation
wouldn't be that unsustainable. So,
yeah, we we need a sustainable stability
for continuing the
sending the vessels. So, that that
that's the really key thing.
>> Because the issue is not that straight
is open or closed, is right? It's the
feeling of comfort and safety for your
vessels and crew.
At what point and what variables do you
need to see in order to decide this is
okay?
>> Well, that's a difficult question. Yeah,
I mean
as I say then um
at least there's an a kind of agreement
for short term now, but the key for us
is how
it's implemented uh
in the water. So,
yeah, we really have to see that. Yeah.
>> The costs associated with insurance,
with fuel surcharges, what are you
seeing on that side and how will that
affect your business, especially given
that you just announced your five-year
plan last week, right?
>> Yeah.
There's a
very short term, short term, and long
term
in my view. Yeah. The very short term is
the things like we have to
save the situations
for the vessels and currently in the
Gulf. Yeah, so hopefully that will
have a positive impact from the
announced ceasefire.
Short term,
obviously the world is being
impacted by the
lack of the oil transport and some other
materials. So, I think it's um
to um quite extent um inevitable to uh
that the uh shipping market has to be
uh bearing the reactions of the uh
shortage um possible shortage of uh um
the bunker, then um it's it's it works
as a restrictive for the um supply to
market.
>> Mhm.
>> Yeah. So, I already we already see some
of the segments
uh
in in in terms of the freights is is
upwards. Yeah. So, that's a that's
probably the uh short term, but for long
term, um
what can be seen is that
>> Mhm.
>> if this is really prolonged, then uh
the um impacts to the um manufacturing
industries and and so on. So, the um
quite possibly the uh the volume of the
cargo can go up and down.
>> Mhm.
>> It's probably down first, but
afterwards, then uh well, all the
industry will have to um
look at the uh supply chain um
resilience. Um so, uh it's it's quite
possibly that means um more stock and
the um
more purchase to refill um what has gone
down. So, I I would anticipate for um
mid long term, it's it's probably quite
up and down.
>> Just quickly, given that of course we
have the tariff situation in the
background as well and activist investor
Elliott coming out saying that you need
to be more aggressive on your
shareholder return plans, how difficult
and challenging is the situation at the
moment right now to be able to do that?
>> Uh
I see that uh shipping market um by
nature is is up and down, but because of
this um geopolitical impact, uh for
incoming years, it can be more up and
down or more volatile. But, what it
means us is that for last 3 years, we
have been focusing much more on
stabilizations of our portfolio, meaning
building the large larger portion of
more stable
earning businesses.
>> Okay.
>> And that's
I see that is more in a positive in a
sense that
under the current circumstances, that's
that can function as a differentiations
of ourselves. So, based on that, then we
expect that
we can take more
positive on the
shipping market. Yeah.
>> Junichiro really good to have you with
us in the Tokyo studio. He's the CEO of
Mitsui O.S.K. Lines as we continue to
follow the latest developments around
the Iran war. This is Bloomberg.
>> Okay.
We're looking at this rally across some
parts of the tech space, some of the
auto makers.
It does seem China energy seems to be
China energy, China AI seems to be
re-emerging. I think that's really a
very good symptom or proxy of maybe to
many investors increasingly so by the
day that the war may be
relegated somewhat as a risk. We'll talk
more really how we should be thinking
about those two things right now. This
is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300 a half hour into the
session, and we're seeing most regional
benchmarks are slightly lower and China
has been sort of joining on that fray
that, you know, your four sort of rally
that we saw yesterday is being tempered
just lightly here. We take a look at how
the equity space is doing. Is this just
a fragile truce or, you know, are we
still seeing some hope of permanent
peace? That's the key question here for
the market here right now. But yes, we
have seen some signs that there is some
doubt in this sort of sort of ceasefire
between the US and Iran.
>> It It wasn't going to be as as simple as
the headlines suggested. And I think
Mark Cranfield
out of an M live TV, I think put it
very
perfectly, I think, when you look at how
investors are looking at this, right?
They caught a glimpse
of the exit for the very first time.
Now, that exit that that view is still
fairly straight straightforward. It's
still there. It's just getting there is
not going to be as simple, right? And I
think the fact that the for the base
case now for markets is that we are on
both sides now have an indication of
uh wanting to de-escalate the the
situation. And I think markets just
needed that
off-ramp to be as visible as it still is
uh for this to take place. Now, it's
it's obviously going to be uh not going
to go in a straight line. In fact, when
you look at markets right now, uh I
think Nikkei, to Yvonne's point, most
benchmarks are down all the way through
uh to the TOPIX index, the KOSPI. Japan
is entering its last uh 30 minutes of
the session here.
Morning session as far as Tokyo's
concerned. Can we change the page,
please? Thank you. Um there we go. Uh
Taiwan, though, is getting, I think, as
a reminder that there is something else
happening besides the war as far as
investors' mindset is concerned. Uh
Taiwan and some of the
tech plays there are doing some punching
above, literally, some of their index
weights are concerned. The dollar is
interesting because the dollar's now
actually reversed completely all the
gains for 2026. And going into the war,
in the thick of it, it reversed all the
weakness in 2026. So, we're almost back
to square one on the Bloomberg Dollar
Index. The Fed minutes did suggest that
if it was prolonged, they might need to
hike interest rates, if it was
prolonged.
>> They're they're still keeping rate hikes
on the table, it seems. Just given that
the inflation concern. So, there is that
sort of two-sided sort of rate risks
in bonds here right now, right? Yes,
there might be some sort of ceasefire
that lowers the the odds of recession in
some ways, but then again, also limits
the amount of rate cuts
too as well. So, there you go. That's
why you're seeing when it comes to the
Treasury market, we basically reverse a
lot of the gains that we saw already
yesterday here. 4.29 we have on your US
10-year yield, and you are seeing yields
pick up once again in Japan, in
Australia here this morning. Commodity
side of things, certainly that's been
interesting. What what gold prices have
done, of course, they've come back in
some ways. Silver still slightly in the
downtrend here this morning, but you are
still seeing when it comes to oil
markets are a little bit more elevated
here. So, we're up about 2% for Brent,
though still below $100 for Brent as
well as WTI.
There is still a lot of uncertainty
about what's going on the Strait of
Hormuz, right? So, part of this whole
ceasefire before was that Iran did
indicate that they were going to open up
some of the waterways there for for some
vessels, right? But I think once we
heard news of what, you know, Iran and
what has been one of the biggest, or
Israel I should say, one of the biggest
sort of attacks in Lebanon since this
war began, I think that's when Iran came
through and said, "Look, we're
effectively keeping it shut." That's why
you're seeing, right? Hundreds of
vessels that are still sitting idle
there.
>> Yeah, sitting
waiting waiting for the the strait to
open. And I think Laura Davison made a
very good point, right? Both sides have
different versions of what the ceasefire
means, right? 10-point plan, 15-point
plan, free flow of vessels and traffic
according to the US, according to Iran,
of course, the safeguarding of those
vessels via, of course, with via their
control. So, according to our data, so
this is the latest data in fact here.
So, there has been virtually no pick up
in vessel traffic
and that covers bulk commercial cargo,
dry cargo and as far as the oil markets
go, oil tankers over the last 24 hours
and that 24 hour window is is of course
when that ceasefire was first announced.
>> Yeah, so that ceasefire between the US
and Iran still remains fragile after
Tehran says it was violated after
Israeli air strikes against Hezbollah
militia in Lebanon. Take a listen.
>> If Iran wants to let this negotiation
fall apart in a conflict where they were
getting hammered over Lebanon which has
nothing to do with them and which the
United States never once said was part
of the ceasefire, that's ultimately
their choice.
>> That was a US Vice President there as
set of course lead talks with Iran in in
in Pakistan on Saturday, Saturday
morning local time. Let's bring in
Jamana Bersechi, our Horizons Middle
East and Africa anchor. She joins us in
Dubai. Jamana, we were talking I think
almost this time yesterday before your
show started that there were already
doubts at that point in time that this
was as clear cut the ceasefire was as
clear cut as some of the headlines
suggested. Where are we now 24 hours on?
>> Yeah, well people are insisting that the
ceasefire is still holding. When I say
people, I say the US administration is
insisting that this is actually a
ceasefire but I think there are lots of
questions about the sustainability of
the ceasefire. It's certainly extremely
fragile. Yesterday, take a case in
point. You continue to see projectiles
being fired at many Gulf nations.
You had over here in the UAE several
more than a dozen missiles being
intercepted throughout the course of the
day. In Kuwait as well, more
interceptions going on, sirens being
sounded in Bahrain and then later in the
afternoon, an attempted drone attack on
that crucial East-West pipeline in Saudi
Arabia. So, the Gulf region is still
dealing with incoming projectiles and at
the same time what you saw was a real
intensification of Israeli operations in
Lebanon as well. It's bloodiest day
since the war began and Israeli Prime
Minister shortly after we spoke 24 hours
ago did say that while Israel Israel
were subscribing to the US Iran
ceasefire
Lebanon was not part of the equation and
herein lies the issue because there are
conflicting narratives about what
exactly was included in the respective
proposals put forward by the US and Iran
in order to get to this ceasefire. At US
maintained that Lebanon was not included
in the 10-point proposal. Iran are
saying that it was included in the
proposal and now overnight the speaker
of the parliament Muhammad Galibav
Galibav who's going to be a key
negotiator this weekend if the talks do
go ahead in Islamabad
has said that there have been multiple
violations of the ceasefire of the first
24 hours and one of them are the
specific violations that have occurred
in Lebanon.
>> Yeah and and does this only just limit
then
what could come out of these talks
heading into the weekend now?
>> And that's a big question because from
here
you know what one of the other things
that people are asking is what are going
to be the basis of discussions as we go
into Friday and
you look at the status quo today where
are we where are things now? Well, as I
mentioned projectors are still being
fired. The war in Lebanon for all
intents and purposes is intensifying
as opposed to de-intensifying
which is a non-starter from Iran's
perspective and the strait as you guys
were just talking about is still
effectively closed according to
Bloomberg monitoring I think only three
ships managed to make it through
successfully yesterday and many are
deciding to hold back out of safety
concerns.
And so the starting point for these
negotiations is one of course pushing
for that reopening of the straits.
One of the terms that Iran were
insisting for is sovereignty or
introducing some form of a toll booth or
a transit fee for ships that are passing
through. Clearly that is a non-starter
as well.
And at the same time you've got to bring
down the intensity in the region before
we can talk about turning this temporary
truce into a full cessation of
hostilities. And I will just say people
in the Gulf has started to question
whether GCC states were actually
included in the ceasefire as well. And I
think that is going to be another
overarching question as we get closer to
what might be
you know those key in-person discussions
taking place in Islamabad this week.
Confirmed by the way that JD Vance will
be attending alongside Steve Witkoff and
Jared Kushner.
>> Yeah, and Jumana speaking of GCC, I mean
where you are, I mean we we we
understand that the UAE has
has has said that the nuclear and
military capabilities of Iran must be
addressed. And I just go back to one of
the conversations we had
I think it was yesterday or the day
before where going into the ceasefire
one has to ask has the US actually also
you know achieved their objectives of
nullifying that nuclear threat or that
potential nuclear threat.
>> An interesting comment put out by the
UAE's Minister of Foreign Affairs
Ministry of Foreign Affairs overnight
and they said they
echoes other Ministry of Foreign Affairs
around the region. They say that they
they support the ceasefire and would
like to see it turn into something more
permanent. But at the same time this is
language that came through from the UAE.
The the conclusion of the war needs to
coincide with the reduction of all of
those things that you list, is
Iran's ability to launch ballistic
missiles, a cessation of hostilities and
acts of aggression against countries
around the region including the Gulf
states, ensuring that they don't go on
to develop a nuclear weapon. So, very
similar to the language that the US have
been using and you could argue that even
after 40 days of war and today is the
44th 41st day of war, there's still big
question marks as to whether these
military objectives have been fully
achieved because even if the US are
projecting this image of having one
militarily, at the end of the day Iran
is still firing missiles. They're still
firing drones. They're still sitting on
this arsenal of weapons that they're
capable of deploying if they want to
cause damage and that is something that
they've identified as well. So, in
addition to the new additional
political leverage of the Strait of
Hormuz, they've also realized that they
can inflict a significant amount of
damage using these lower cost drones as
well is unacceptable for countries in
the Gulf region.
>> Jumana, thank you. Jumana Berri there,
Horizons Middle East and Africa
anchor. Joining us now to talk us
through the markets component of this,
how much we should be moving on from
this if if if at all, the war I mean and
looking at other
other themes. Christina Won, portfolio
manager at Eastspring Investments is
with us now out of Singapore. Christina,
good morning good good morning from Hong
Kong.
I mean, I'm torn by asking what might
sound like an insensitive question. It I
guarantee you it's not, but
have should investors start moving away
from focus solely being solely focused
on what's going on in in the Middle
East?
>> Well, I mean it's it's it's
it's it's difficult I think to move away
from that because these are the
headlines that you see every day. So, I
I that the way I would approach it is is
while you have an eye on what's
happening globally and then obviously
that's giving a lot of fluctuations to
the market. You also have to try to look
beyond that and position to for the
future as well.
So I think that's why these times are
tricky but also can be quite interesting
from an opportunity perspective because
you can capitalize on some of the nearer
term volatility to also pick up some
gems over the longer term.
There are some thematics I do think that
still
will stand out to be winners over the
longer term. You touched on tech earlier
as well in this session. I think that
that could also be interesting even in
this current correction.
>> So the price action that we're seeing,
do you think this is just really comes
down to
you know, momentum strategies, algos
really? I mean, do you see any sort of,
you know, fundamental sort of signs of a
beginning of something that is enduring?
>> Um yes, I think I think absolutely. I
mean, if we think about
um how we started off the year, one of
the key things that that many of us I
would say from an investor standpoint
have had to to re-look would be our
stance on energy. So if we go back to
January, most people were thinking about
or discussing perhaps oil prices hitting
50, but you look at where we are right
now. Um you would have taken positions
on on the back of that January position.
You would have thought of You would have
thought of how inflation would be rates
etc. Um many of us are having to re-look
that um uh going forward because like it
or not, even with a ceasefire, I do
think that um you can't unwind some of
the things that have happened. We we
would have to get comfortable with the
fact that oil prices, even if they come
off from here with any peace, um will
likely land a bit higher than they were
uh pre-conflict. So you you have to
adjust your positioning on the back of
that as well. And then inflation and
growth etc. etc.
>> Oh, you you you set up my next question
there. How have you adjusted your
positions?
>> Yeah, I would have to I mean
when when I think about energy, I think
that's one of the key things that I've
had to really
weigh up because the example that I gave
earlier about my view on oil at the
start of the year, and that's something
we've had to reassess. So the way I've
looked at at at at at strategy for
example is we have to be practical in
these times and that comes down to two
things. So number one,
when you're in a situation where there
are binary outcomes or almost binary
outcomes, a ceasefire no ceasefire is a
straight open or not, you you definitely
need to have some sort of balance in
your portfolio. So that's having some
sort of conflict proxies like within
energy, but also ensuring that outside
of that you have post conflict winners
as well. For example, tech as we touched
on earlier. Then secondly, because you
don't want both sides, the conflict and
the non-conflict sides of your strategy
to offset each other, active investing
then becomes really important because
well your beta is managing risk, your
alpha is is what's going to
drive things from an idiosyncratic
perspective. So that's really how the
playbook has been over this time. I
think balance becomes really quite
important in navigating this volatility.
>> You mentioned tech. I'm guessing it's
the AI trade.
What we've been seeing is software
certainly is in question just given what
we've been seeing with what what these
big mega tech players have been
launching in terms of AI agents and the
like,
but it seems like in Asia the the sort
of theme about picks and shovels, AI
infrastructure demand for that, is still
quite strong. Would you agree with that
sort of narrative?
>> Yes, I think
I mean obviously at the start of the the
conflict we did see quite a bit of
correction in that trade understandably
as well as as markets go risk off, but
we what we've seen play out over the
past few weeks is that this AI capex
boom has been a bit more resilient than
expected and it's not just from a
sentiment perspective. If you look at uh
some of the the earnings that have been
coming out or some of the rhetoric
that's been coming out from some of the
companies, um it still continues to be
quite positive. And again, back to what
I sort of mentioned about some things
that just can't be unwound, um AI is
another example of that. Um at an
enterprise level, at a consumer level,
this has started to get embedded into uh
many of our lives as well and our ways
of living and working. Um it's very hard
to then stop that immediately. So, that
investment continues, and being in the
picks and shovels within Asia um has
actually been quite beneficial um uh
over this this period of conflict. And
that's actually added some resilience, I
would say, to to strategies here in
Asia.
>> Mhm.
Yeah, I mean, that Samsung prelim number
how how good was that, Chris Christian?
Eight-fold
I just I just I just wonder right now,
what's what's your granular look at AI
within just the different emerging
themes that are are within the broader
conversation?
>> Yeah, I would say, for example,
uh the bottlenecks in memory, as as
you've seen with some of the big Korean
memory makers, uh that continues to
remain intact um and and that's also
helped by the very tight supply
situation. Um I would say another thing
that's actually quite topical for now
would be some of the server ODMs. Um
some of the monthly sales and and
earnings have also come out of there. Um
you know, and it's not just within the
AI servers that have been uh
that where the numbers have been holding
up well, it's also within the general
service space. So, that's quite a a a
broad uh a good uh picture to see uh
that actually this demand has been been
holding up quite well. I think the
benefit within the server ODMs as well
is the fact that um depending on which
company you pick within the Taiwan uh
service space, you also get a bit of
dividend yield on the back of that. So,
that kind of stable return that you get
from dividends and income uh is also
helpful in this current time. So, that's
that's actually quite quite nice.
>> Christina, thank you. Nice nice to speak
with you. Christina Winder, of course,
in Singapore, portfolio manager at
Eastspring Investments. She really laid
out what the the different adjustments
and how maybe some of the assumptions
need to be Some, not all. Out of
Singapore there. Right, just ahead,
speaking of just we touched on the macro
there. The RBNZ has its eye on inflation
as the fuel price pressure from the Iran
war bites. We hear from its governor
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> New Zealand Central Bank Governor Anna
Breman says officials will act
decisively if they see any acceleration
in core inflation. She spoke with us a
day after the Central Bank held rates at
2.25%.
>> We are seeing and expecting higher
near-term inflation and somewhat weaker
growth in the New Zealand economy. And
then what we are really focused on is
the medium-term inflation and ensuring
that medium-term inflation is at target.
And of course, in this environment it's
very hard to do forecasting. We had the
meeting at 9:00 a.m. in the morning. It
was announced at 2:00 p.m. So, there was
a lot of information in between. But we
knew that uh that could happen. So, we
had taken that into consideration, of
course, at the time of the meeting.
>> If in fact we see global energy supplies
restored, some of the risks to global
supply chains minimized in the coming
days or weeks or months, and we accept
that the risk to inflation is a
near-term and and a temporary one. Do
you foresee a scenario where easing is
back on the table?
>> Well, we are more focused on ensuring
that medium-term inflation does not
increase. We see We see that the balance
of risks have shifted in terms of
inflation and more risk on the upside
because already right now in New Zealand
fuel prices have gone up considerably
both petrol but in particular diesel and
that's important input
into transport in general but also into
the agricultural sector that is big here
and that risk getting passed on then
into food prices and other kinds of
prices.
So we are expecting somewhat weaker
growth but we are concerned that
medium-term inflation could be higher
and if we start seeing inflation
expectations moving up if we see the
core inflation is moving up if we see
wage growth picking up then we said that
we will act decisively to ensure that
medium-term inflation goes back to
target the midpoint of the target and
that's 2%.
>> Governor that that put a July rate hike
on the table market seem to be pricing
that in.
>> We don't have a forward-looking OCR
track at this meeting. We do when we do
our monetary policy statements quarterly
we provide our guidance for the OCR
going forward. Now what we're saying is
the we are focusing on the things that
we are looking at to decide whether or
not we need to hike the OCR and in
particular we're looking in any signs
that medium-term inflation pressures are
going up. So that is things like the
inflation expectations, wage growth if
we see core inflation starting not just
headline inflation because we know
headline inflation will be going up but
also core inflation moving upwards.
Those could be reasons to do a rate
hike.
>> When it comes to inflation do you
believe the price setters within the
country firms are acting appropriately
to reflect higher prices are they
is there a danger and risk that they
could be taking advantage of the
situation?
>> Well price setting behavior is always
really important and there are many
different ways of looking at it. We're
engaging actively with the business
community trying to both do a surveys
but also actually meeting with
businesses to get good information.
Currently, what we're hearing now is
that some firms are planning on hiking
their prices. Some are doing temporary
fuel surcharges that could then be
removed if we see the fuel prices going
back down and some people are saying
that they can't pass on higher cost to
consumers right now because demand is
too weak. And exactly how this will play
out, it's obviously hard to know but
we're collecting all the data we can to
to see where it's going but there's
always a risk that there will be some
opportunistic price setting behavior in
this this kind of environment.
>> Anna Breman there the RBNZ governor
speaking with us earlier just a few
hours back. Right, we're going into 55
minutes into the cash market session. I
think you see declines led by tech not a
lot though in terms of volume. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. We're looking at
some specific parts of this equity
market. Battery related stocks in region
everything from LG Energy of course is
the big Korean name going down to CATL.
At some point you were going to have to
talk about this, right? This this this
reminder because of the war of this
perhaps need to pivot our energy mix and
really looking at other sources
to power economies but yes, we are
seeing a substantial rebound across some
of these names here today.
>> Yeah, Deutsche declaring China energy
the winner in this new era of the war.
So certainly that's one theme to watch
out here today. Asia software certainly
is one given what we heard from the
likes of Meta when I was at Anthropic
here. So you are seeing a software being
really pretty soft here this morning.
WiseTech Global for example is down some
11%. So this was sort of the first major
test for Zuckerberg's Meta super
intelligence labs as well. So certainly
that is another uh key theme to watch
here today. Uh we got plenty more coming
up. This is Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment here. And we have seen a bit of
a slightly to the downside here when it
comes to equities here. So we're coming
off some of the initial sort of gains
and you know the euphoric sort of
optimism around the ceasefire today. And
Nikkei 225 is lower by about 6/10 of 1%.
A dollar-yen, you know, what we talked
about is it really, you know, dollar
wiping out the gains of the year. A
dollar coming back just a little bit
here uh as we start to see a little bit
of a reversal from the the big moves
yesterday. 159 just below that level for
dollar-yen here this morning. And JGB
yields heading higher today, Dave.
>> Yeah, um which is almost a reversal of
the
some of the moves yesterday. Not
completely, but I think in in in China's
in in Japan's case maybe not not
completely in in in Treasury's case
that's we'll show you that later on.
It's almost gone completely the opposite
way. And then some more. Uh markets
across the Asia-Pacific equity market,
let's start with that. 9/10 of 1%. So
we're down
um
by a fraction um compared to the
euphoric gains yesterday. So we haven't
quite reversed, not even close to
reversing all the gains yesterday, but
it is a reminder that this isn't going
to go up in a straight line. Uh we can
talk about that
with market and also this path towards
peace
uh in in the Middle East. Uh have a look
at where we are with oil. So still up
2-3% last we checked, perhaps even 3 and
1/2% on you know, after the the biggest
drop since 2020, so we're up 2% now
on Brent and West Texas. We talked about
the
reversal, complete reversal in the
Treasury market. Uh, 10-year futures
coming up on your screens and since the
that initial news broke yesterday,
as you can see, we're not trading at a
lower level at about 111
right now and as far as the the bond
futures are are are are are concerned.
But yes, that just goes into this this
this concept that's not going to be
easy.
>> It certainly isn't and you know, what
sort of ceasefire are we talking about
here right now? Seems like when it comes
to US and what Iran has agreed to, they
look quite different. Bloomberg
Economics thinks when it comes to US
side, President Trump has two options.
See end the war and that he's prepared
to pay a price to get there. Let's bring
in our senior geoeconomics analyst for
Asia Pacific, Adam Ferrar. He joins us
now. Adam, it's good to have you back in
the region. Lay out some of the
scenarios that you're looking at now.
>> So, the reality right now is that there
are no clean options for the president
as he tries to look towards
de-escalating the current conflict and
ending in a place that could see, you
know, energy prices start to drop as we
saw in the last couple days and you
know, really reopening the Strait of
Hormuz. The first is to compromise with
Iran and try and find a negotiated
settlement that addresses Iran's
concerns while theoretically trying to
protect broader interests of the United
States and its partners, particularly
Israel and its concerns about Iran's
ambitions on its nuclear program and its
military activity, particularly its its
ballistic missiles and its its support
for proxies. But there are obviously
lots of problems with that approach
given the fact that Iran has shown a
lack of interest in cooperating or at
least you know, finding middle ground on
many of these
these issues, including the question of
enrichment. Now, on the other side is
this, you know, the potential for
re-escalation and further military
action in the region, which could happen
at any time to try and raise the cost
for Iran and force them to the table on
better terms, but so far Iran certainly
doesn't seem to be interested in kind of
making those concessions and more
importantly seems to feel that that a
lengthened conflict is actually in its
interests as uh you know, energy prices
continue to rise at the Strait of Hormuz
remains closed.
>> So, so what options does Let's Let's
What options does J.D. Vance have going
into
uh talks this weekend? What
realistically can we expect from the US
side?
>> So, the the reality is that these talks
are going to be incredibly complicated
and J.D. Vance, the Vice President, has
an incredibly
uh difficult task in front of him in
convincing the regime that this is a
real off-ramp for them that makes sense
and that they have to compromise or face
additional pain, but again, the regime
so far has been willing to accept that
pain and and the question then becomes
how much is the United States willing to
adjust its objectives and find a way to
accept a new status quo that may or may
not be positive from the perspective of
its regional partners, particularly the
Gulf and or Israel. And one of those big
issues is what the Strait of Hormuz will
look like moving forward. You know,
there's the first question of actually
getting ships moving, but the second
question is whether or not that is under
Iranian control or returns to, you know,
a free uh a free passage as it was prior
to the conflict.
>> And Adam, it's interesting. We did speak
with Wang Jin, he's from a Beijing think
tank, uh about really China's role in
all this. There There we we talked about
how there was maybe some last-ditch
effort from from Beijing to try to get
Iran to agree to some sort of ceasefire.
Uh we spoke to Wang Jin about just the
influence that Beijing might have uh
when it comes to this Iran conflict. I
want you to take a listen to what he had
to say.
>> I don't quite understand that the why
there were so so many criticism that
okay, China should do this, China should
do that. On one hand, China is strong,
but not that enough to influence to be
able to influence everybody, every
country's leaders decision over the very
specific and particular issue. That is
impossible because China is only a
normal country in the international
community. China cannot determine the
other countries decision and cannot
determine the other other countries
behaviors, including Iran and United
States. They are independent countries
based upon their own independent
decision-making circle.
>> So, in some ways it seems like he's
downplaying China's sort of influence in
some ways.
How do you see it? Do you think this is
an active shift by China here that from
being just something that is more of a
reactive sort of role to something
that's more assertive when it comes to
foreign policy?
>> So, I think this this crisis presented
an opportunity for Beijing to make that
shift, as you said. Certainly, the big
difference here was not only the fact
that it maintains good ties with Tehran
and the Gulf and has this growing
relationship and and important
relationship with the US, but the simple
reality of how reliant it is on the
Strait of Hormuz for the supply of its
own critical energy supplies. But so
far, it doesn't look like China really
did step up in this moment. In fact,
while supporting Pakistan, you know, the
reporting we have have would point to
Pakistan actually being the one
potentially pushing Beijing to get
engaged and to get Iran across the
finish line. Now, to be clear, we don't
know what was happening in the
background, but so far we just haven't
seen the signs that Beijing has shifted
from its past, you know, more back
approach to taking a kind of
letting the the world work through these
crises while Beijing waits for it to
conclude rather than being a direct
participant in such negotiations.
>> Adam, thank you. Adam Farrah, there,
senior geo-economics analyst for Asia
Pacific joining us out of our Singapore
office here this morning. Let's get more
with our China correspondent, Mimmy Lo.
She's been kind of tracking what, you
know, social media, what, you know,
we're seeing a state media as well.
What do What do we see? Like, do we know
that in terms of the nature and extent
in which in which China played the sort
of facilitator role?
>> Yeah, I think this is a very nuanced
discussion because we've been hearing so
many different views and the truth is we
just don't really know what happened
behind the scenes. And there was so many
questions yesterday at the Foreign
Ministry press briefing. Nine questions
posted to the spokesperson who kept
sidestepping and refused to explicitly
state exactly what China did in the
hours just ahead of the ceasefire. Yes,
we have New York Times reporting based
on conversations from three Iranian
officials that China did step in at the
last minute to implore the Iranians to
be flexible and to diffuse attention and
come to the table there. And President
Trump also acknowledged that he thinks
China played a role there. But just now
we did have Wang Jinwei. He is from a
think tank that advises the Chinese
government. He was very clear that China
did not intervene. He did not want to
use that word.
Um the Foreign Ministry did lay out all
the things they have done so far,
including Wang Yi making 26 call calls
to various counterparts of the war since
the war started, including sending a
peace envoy to the region, including the
five-point peace plan that they put out
together with Pakistan. And I think it's
interesting that China seems to be more
comfortable working things behind the
scene, but it's not comfortable going
very public about it. And I think this
speaks to China's official stance of
non-interference in other countries'
internal affairs because this is clearly
someone else's war that China has
publicly said it doesn't want to help
clean up, you know, and uh it's clearly
someone else's internal affairs. And
I've been speaking to people in China
they're saying that, you know what, this
is perhaps not necessarily an active
intervention. It is also China
protecting its right to development and
ensuring that whatever chaos is
happening there doesn't spill over and
come to China's doorstep as well.
>> Yeah, because there are indirect
repercussions that China has to deal
with
not even talking about the need to
intervene directly.
I think what did stand out from the
conversation earlier on with Wang Jin
was
it seemed that he was downplaying the
role or basically telling us that the
world is expecting a little bit too much
with directly in terms of what China's
role should be longer term than what in
terms of what the next moves are from
China. What should what can we expect?
>> Yeah, it's hard to say right clearly the
next catalyst is the talks that are
going to happen in Islamabad and I think
we can be assured that whatever happens
there Islamabad is going to keep keep
Beijing abreast of what is happening
because already Pakistan has emerged as
a very important interlocutor and two
weeks ago when they hosted a four
nations dialogue with Saudi Arabia,
Egypt and Turkey, the foreign minister
of Pakistan immediately then flew to
Beijing to keep them updated and we have
Wu Xinbo who is a Fudan University
professor in Shanghai. He believes that
China played a role in actively
encouraging Pakistan to play mediator
and in actively encouraging Iran to come
to a deal.
Whether or not China will take a bigger
role because Iran's envoy in Beijing had
publicly named Beijing as a potential
candidate as a security guarantor for a
longer-lasting peace deal. So far there
has been no signs that China is willing
to play that role and earlier we heard
from Wang Jin he doesn't believe that
military guarantees is a path to peace
right and China's state media has
repeatedly said and they have vetoed
that UN proposal as well that would open
the door to using force to secure the
Strait of Hormuz. That doesn't seem to
be something Beijing is willing to do as
well.
>> You've been looking at social media,
state media. What are some of the
reactions so far?
>> Yeah, it's interesting and a lot of
people are just
putting forth their opinion and if you
flash some of these quotes that we have
seen, one person is saying, you know,
look at what Pakistan has done and after
all Pakistan is a small country. Behind
Pakistan is China and nobody can trust
that a small country like Pakistan can
act as a security guarantor. Only
so-called mysterious great Eastern power
has a way to pull it off. That's someone
what someone on social media has said
and other people saying, looks like
President Trump is going to visit China
now because he has to thank China for
what has gone down over the past 24
hours. He can't come empty-handed. So,
perhaps this is sort of, you know, the
move that the US has to do ahead of the
the Trump-Xi summit.
>> Mimi, thank you. Mimi Lo,
uh our China correspondent there. Great
stuff. Uh you can get more, by the way,
on this story on our video hub. Uh
subscribers can explore live streaming
news, interviews, all of the Bloomberg
TV content, shows, and everything in
between. Check it out,
bloomberg.com/videos.
Let's have a look at Asian software
names as investors perhaps mull the
potential repercussions,
uh
plural,
uh in as far as the business models are
concerned here. We've been trying to
triangulate. There's another big word
for you. Uh what the impact will be from
this AI this emergence of this some
>> theme of AI.
>> your fancy words. I'm just going to say
software is getting whacked today, okay?
I'm going to go
>> Softer today.
>> I'm just going to tell it to you
straight. Um because we're going to talk
about Meta, right? And what they
debuted. This first AI model known as
Muse Spark. It's the first since CEO
Mark Zuckerberg embarked on this sort of
multi-billion-dollar overhaul of the
company's AI organization to keep pace
with rivals. Let's bring in our Asia
technology editor, Mark Anderson. He's
with us here. So, tell us a little more
about this new AI model. Where and and
where was it available? When can I see
it? Tell us a little more.
>> So, first of all, it will be available
on Meta's new AI chatbot, which it's
rolling out for free
with multiple modes, one of which is
known as contemplating mode. So, it's
similar
to Google Gemini and other chatbots that
are on offer at the moment. And right
now it's it's being offered for free.
We're also seeing it as Meta tries to
roll out a new shopping app that will
help consumers make decisions about what
they buy online.
>> And the in terms of just the
significance of this, should we call it
a milestone for Meta?
>> I think it's a warning shot, that's what
I would call it.
>> Okay.
>> It's Zuckerberg's warning shot, you
know, this is I'm spending $14 billion
revamping my AI strategy.
It's also crucially closed source, so
previous Meta AI models were open
source, meaning that anyone could
scrutinize the design and the code
behind them, but now
Meta is joining rivals like Anthropic,
Google and OpenAI and rolling out a
closed source model.
>> Yeah, I mean I mean
Anthropic just came out with some sort
of new AI agent as well overnight that
really kind of moved the markets. How do
you think this whole new model for Meta
though, how is it going to change the
whole AI race?
>> I think you know, Meta has a long way to
go by its own admission and
in the Bloomberg news story it said that
this
new smart model is the first in a series
of models that it will be releasing. So,
I think it's an acknowledgement that it
has a long way to go to catch up with
what Anthropic, ChatGPT, which has about
a billion weekly users, right? So, the
the bar is really really high. Has a
long way to go to to catch up with those
rivals.
>> All right, Mark, it's great to have you.
Mark Anderson, our Asia technology
editor with the latest when it comes to
Meta. We'll have much more coming up.
This is Bloomberg.
>> The head of Japanese shipping and
logistics company Mitsui O.S.K. says the
situation in Iran remains fluid.
Speaking with us earlier, Toshiharu
Tamura says his priority is the security
of his vessels.
>> It's a very difficult times for
everyone, not just for us.
Um the situation literally changes every
day. Yeah, so the temporary ceasefire
set to be yesterday is a basically a
good news for us, but it's temporary and
for 2 weeks. So what we're doing is to
verify the conditions that whether the
ships can go through the straits. Yeah,
so hopefully the vessels in the um the
Gulf can move now, but then after 2
weeks, then we have to see um what are
the situations there. So we are still in
a very much
in between.
>> What are you hearing right now because I
think a lot of the challenge has been
understanding this ceasefire, especially
given that Iran says that they still
need to get permission from them in
order to pass the straits for moves.
>> It's just that within 24 hours. So we
are really in the process to verify the
situations. So it's a bit too early to
tell, but I expect in coming
days then we we see what it means to us
and then
I expect the
shipping lines can take actions.
>> What do you need to see in that
ceasefire in order to feel comfortable
to let your vessels pass by?
>> It's the high-level agreement we
can see from the all the reports. So
what how how is implemented in in in the
uh the water, that's um something that
we really need to understand. So, yeah.
>> We already heard though that you had a
few vessels passing through the strait
already, especially this week.
>> Mhm.
>> Is that correct?
>> Um the um couple of vessels um have uh
had a chance to go through, but that's a
um uh individual situation, and
uh we can't really make any comments
because we are um setting the um
priority on the security of the um each
individual vessels. So, uh
in order to avoid any impacts to them.
So, um that that's um
uh how we describe the situation at the
moment.
>> Because you also had a cargo container
ship also hit uh last month, right?
>> Yeah, that's right. Yeah.
>> So, are you getting the approval from
the Iranian side of things?
>> The um the vessel uh the container ship
in question uh is is still in the gulf,
and uh we are waiting to resolve the uh
situation. Yeah.
>> With the Iranian authorities?
>> Uh well, we are obviously uh the main
counterpart for us is the Japanese
government. Yeah. So, um yeah, then uh
we are working with them very closely to
uh find out the situation.
>> Do you have to pay a fee in order to
transit right now?
>> Uh
it's um we we are not really involved in
the government-government uh
um the relationships. Yeah.
>> Is that a concern though that we're
hearing that perhaps Iran wants to make
this systematic toll in order for to be
able to transit the Strait of Hormuz?
>> Uh we we see all these informations um
um
back and forth, but uh it is not really
for us to make any comments on this. So,
uh yeah, we we are waiting for the um
situations really at at the moment.
>> We heard that the Prime Minister
Takaichi has actually spoken to the
Iranian president. What else do you need
to see from the Japanese government?
>> Yes, we are actually waiting for the um
feedback from uh um government side. So,
um it's I believe it's under development
at the moment. Yeah.
>> How many vessels do you have around the
area?
>> We are not disclosing the number of
vessels because of the security on as a
top priority. We we understand that
government recognizes that 42 vessels
in in in the Gulf
as the Japan related vessels and we are
some of them are
is actually ours.
>> There we go.
Sherry and Jutaro Tamura there the new
CEO
Mitsui. Always I don't know why I sound
like a boxing announcer. The new
>> I like it.
>> middleweight champion of the world.
>> should bring up every guest on the show.
>> That's That's right. If it's their first
time.
Or if they got promoted.
I mean, speaking of right, I think one
of the conversations part the part there
was whether or not
he was if it was open whether he was
comfortable in in terms of the safety
element of letting his ships pass. We
have a story out in fact it's on the
terminal right now and I think one of
the acid test for this opening would be
to see if these two specific Chinese
tankers actually managed to get through
the Strait of Hormuz. They're headed to
that part of the world. They're very
close as you can see and I think one is
actually carrying Iraqi crude.
>> Yes.
So, this is the Cosco Lake that's linked
to China's Cosco Shipping
and the Hu Rong Hai owned by a smaller
entity. So, they're traveling east in
the Persian Gulf at near top speeds
early on this Thursday morning. So, both
have been signaling Chinese ownership on
their tracking systems. So, that move
typically does
done for safety ahead of of course these
transits, right? So, and then whether
you get that green light from Iran. So,
obviously a successful crossing at this
point is not clear. I mean, it's not
guaranteed. We have seen, of course,
several vessels have turned back at the
last moment here.
There has, of course, as David
mentioned, little traffic and changing
traffic over the past day. But this if
it does go through, they could be some
of the first sort of non-Iranian tankers
to make it through since this truce was
announced.
>> go. Something for us to track and we'll
we'll report back tomorrow if we see
more progress on this.
But yeah.
>> More global headlines to tell you about
here. Japanese Prime Minister Sanae
Takaichi has called for a lasting peace
agreement during a call with Iranian
President Masoud Pezeshkian. Now, she
says the ceasefire and the situation in
the Strait of Hormuz were among the
topics discussed. She also reiterated
Japan's request to secure the safe
passage of Japanese vessels through the
waterway.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says his support for the
US-Iran ceasefire won't affect his plans
against Lebanon. That's where the
military is fighting Iran-backed
Hezbollah militants. But opposition
politicians have expressed concerns that
negotiations are being conducted on
Tehran's terms.
>> Now, what's happened, one of the
byproducts of the war in the Middle East
is because of higher energy prices,
you're looking at forecasts, specific
median, specifically median forecast
from private economists on Chinese PPI.
And as you can see, the report for
March, which is out this time tomorrow,
is expected to show the first positive
reading in nearly 4 years.
>> Yeah, that could be a good thing. I
mean, Asian equities look bad inflation
is better than deflation in China,
right? So, you know, he you know, the
media will talk about headline like it's
bad and it may aggravate domestic
imbalances by hitting hitting already
weak consumption
as well as industrial profits. But they
think bad inflation is problematic, it's
still better, preferable to deflation
here. So, certainly, that's one thing to
discuss tomorrow as well. Let me give
you a look a last check on markets here
right now. We're still off some of the
lows, but still talking about a markets
into the downside here today. Asia
Pacific lower by 3/4 of 1%. That's it
for us here in the China show insight
with Haslinda Amin. It's next, stay with
us.